docs/README.md, before:

# Welcome

Ocular is a framework to generate documentation websites.

Simply write your documentation in markdown files, organize them in folders as you see fit, run a couple of scripts: your website is ready to go without having to write a single line of code.

If you want to customize it, beyond changing the styling, you can write your own components to replace whatever feature of ocular you want to change.

The Ocular library comes with several components for different parts or features of the website (ie a home page component, a header component, etc.). You can provide our own version of these components, if you do, the components you wrote are going to be taken into account, and if you don't, Ocular will use its own version of that compoent.

We built Ocular as a way to organize documentation for our open source projects on GitHub, and that's the main use case. See for instance [React Vis](https://uber.github.io/react-vis/documentation/welcome-to-react-vis) or [Luma.gl](https://luma.gl). But Ocular's flexibility and the ease with which it works with markdown files allowed us to create other websites such as [vis.academy](http://vis.academy) or [vis.gl](http://vis.gl).

Happy documenting!

> Note that there are two versions of ocular described in these docs! We are moving to the newer gatsby-based version of ocular. The "classic" variant is still documented for backwards compatibility, but will be removed as all frameworks migrate. The classic version is not maintained and new sites should be built using the gatsbyjs-based generator, you have been warned. .

Commit message:

Move ocular-dev-tools README into docs (#163)

docs/README.md, after:

# Welcome

## ocular-gatsby

ocular-gatsby is a framework to generate documentation websites.

Simply write your documentation in markdown files, organize them in folders as you see fit, run a couple of scripts: your website is ready to go without having to write a single line of code.

If you want to customize it, beyond changing the styling, you can write your own components to replace whatever feature of ocular you want to change.

The Ocular library comes with several components for different parts or features of the website (ie a home page component, a header component, etc.). You can provide our own version of these components, if you do, the components you wrote are going to be taken into account, and if you don't, Ocular will use its own version of that compoent.

We built Ocular as a way to organize documentation for our open source projects on GitHub, and that's the main use case. See for instance [React Vis](https://uber.github.io/react-vis/documentation/welcome-to-react-vis) or [Luma.gl](https://luma.gl). But Ocular's flexibility and the ease with which it works with markdown files allowed us to create other websites such as [vis.academy](http://vis.academy) or [vis.gl](http://vis.gl).

Happy documenting!

> Note that there are two versions of ocular described in these docs! We are moving to the newer gatsby-based version of ocular. The "classic" variant is still documented for backwards compatibility, but will be removed as all frameworks migrate. The classic version is not maintained and new sites should be built using the gatsbyjs-based generator, you have been warned. .


## ocular-dev-tools

ocular-dev-tools installs a set of configurable development scripts to handle build, test and publish tasks for JavaScript framework repositories.

While highly configurable ocular-dev-tools is very opinionated in choice of tooling etc, and mainly targets vis.gl frameworks, like deck.gl, luma.gl etc.
